Week 2 Session 1

The focus of this mornings session is on wireframes and prototyping.

In a git repository the master should hold the skeleton of our project and then develop each section on a branch until 
a stage is reach where I now have a beta version to show to a client. The first prototype should be a basic version of what 
a project is meant to be so that the project can be demonstrated to the client and then from there each stage can be worked 
on and added to until the final version is released. 
What will end up happening is the final release will end up looking nothing like the initial prototype.

Because the project is worked on in stages this allows for the us to build and then test each stage. Doing this iteratively 
like this allows us to be more flexible in the project development and squash any bugs as they are found to ensure they do 
not cause worse problems further down the track.

The initial prototyping however is very important as clients want to see progress. If I wait too long to try and get a perfect
version to show them they will end up going elsewhere and I have lost their business.

Testing is a crucial part of prtotyping. Without constant testing bugs will slip through and cause all manner of problems for 
the client or their customer base. One popular method of testing is getting volunteers onboard to try out and break the system.
If they do this is an excellent thing even if it means more work for the developer as it is one more bug to fix however one less 
to cause the users problems after the final release.

Another form of prototyping is 'Paper Prototyping.' It is a method well used for user interface and user experience design 
development. Paper prototyping is done using the traditional paper and pencil. It is cheap and save lots of time. Plus it is 
usually fast to get a sketch drafted for a project. The paper sizes used should be the same size as the screen they are 
representing.

Paper prototypes include:

- Personas
- Storyboards


Doing user research is vital to understance our users and find out how to tailor our project to meet their needs when creating 
personas.

Storyboards come after user research and personas. They are used to outline user pain points, i.e. areas of the system which
could cause problems for the user and then a second story board set is used to portray how the system is improved to solve these
issues.